{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 DickensianChristmas;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs192 \cf0 Blizzard\

\fs48 By Kydapoot\
\

\f1\fs28 New in vision 2: Now saves a highscore and has improved mechanic and graphics!\
\

\fs24 This was my first entry into the CC18 Winter Wonderland Contest. You are the match and must try not to get snuffed out by a snowflake. The game gets more difficult as it goes along.\
\
Controls: \
a/d or left/right to move (going off one side of the screen puts you onto the other)\
Escape to quit\
\
Powerups:\
Speed (lightning bolt in circle) - Go twice as fast\
Shield (shield with snowflake on it) - Become invincible. Hitting snowflakes will give you extra points.\
\
Program Information:\
As indicated in the program code, some of the variables can be adjusted to your liking. If the program is not working, make sure the program and all of it\'92s picture files are in the same folder on your computer. You also must have Python 3 and Pygame installed. Please do not redistribute without asking permission.\
\
Found a bug? Have a suggestion? Tell me all about it here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.cemetech.net/forum/viewtopic.php?t=13308&highlight="}}{\fldrslt https://www.cemetech.net/forum/viewtopic.php?t=13308&highlight=}}}